Ryan Balachandran
Computing Architecture
COMP 3050-201
Email: Ryan_Balachandran@student.uml.edu

I think my degree of success is 100%

I had a lot of trouble with organizing how to do this one.

The first thing I did was figure out what portions of the IO_adder.asm file from assignment 5 would go into each of the separate files.
Xbsywt and rbsywt were the easiest to separate from the main file as well as moving all the variables at the end of the original file to their own file.
I then went to sb.asm and took the sb function from the original file along with the next 3 functions of loop1, add1, and finish.
After that it was relatively easy to divide the rest of the assignment 5 file into their own separate files. 

For main.asm, I had the 4 functions: main, result, addinp, and start. At the end of the start function, I put a call to nextw, which is in the writeint.asm file.
For writeint.asm, I initially put 2 functions, nextw (next word) and crnl (carriage return, newline). At the end of the crnl function, I put a call to bgndig, which is in the readint.asm file.
For readint.asm, I have only two functions: bgndig and nxtdig.
For writestr.asm, I initially put 6 functions, endnum, oneinp, twoinp, sumofd, and crnl2. At the end of the crnl2 function, I put a call to addnum, which is in the addints.asm file.
For the addint.asm file, there is only one function, addnum. At the end of the function, I have a call to convrt which goes back to the writeint.asm file.
Back in the writeint.asm file, after the crnl function, I put 6 more functions: cnvrt, prntr, loopp, contin, and donep. At the end of the function donep, it returns to the file addint.asm which then continues.
In the addint.asm file, their is also a jump condition to oflow (overflow), which is in the writestr.asm file after the crnl2 function. 
Back in the writestr.asm file after the crnl2 function, I have 4 functions, oflow, nextw3, crnl3, and fail.
For xbsywt and rbsywt, all I had was one function which loaded the transmitter/reciever, subtracted the mask, determine a jump condition, then return to the file and line number that called it.
For sb.asm, I had 4 functions: sb, loop1, add1, and finish. At the end of the file, I added a .LOC 230 (after determining how many lines of code there is) to separate the running code from the variables in data.asm file.

The biggest problem I had was going back and duplicating any constant variables so every file didn't use the same variable. 
The variables I had to duplicate was on (3 times), c1 (3 times), c255 (2 times), numoff (2 times), cr (2 times), nl (3 times), and mask (2 times).

HOW TO RUN: 

In the terminal:

1) Type: 'make link' to compile the linker

2) Type: 'make view' to output each of the asm files to the screen 
	a) also in source_code.asm

3) Type: 'make build' to compile each of the separate .asm files into .o files and output them to the screen
	b) also in source_code.asm

4) Type: 'make dump' to compile the assembly code into a consolidated .o file, which is then outputted to the screen

5) Type: 'make run' to compile each file, link them into an executable, and output the result to the screen

6) Type: ./mic1 prom_mrd.dat cons_link.exe 0 2048 to run the program

